---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Lives of Hawai'i
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2018-11-20
labels:
  - Marine Life
  - Tourists
  - Hawaii
  - Non-STEM
---

The dream vacation destination for every race, age, and gender. The island of Oahu is known as one of the biggest tourist destinations to enjoy with one’s loved ones. With millions of tourists coming in and out of the island every day, misconceptions of the island and its wildlife is unpreventable. With private companies running their own tours making up their own rules, the peacefulness of the islands is not being challenged. Through analyzing two popular tour magazines, LeaLea and KauKau, as well as popular pamphlets, there are many questionable advertisements that may not represent the true Aloha spirits of the islands. Of those, marine animals such as sea turtles and dolphins were not treated the way they are supposed to be treated. These mistreatments were done in both implicit and explicit ways, using different linguistic outlets to convey subtle yet distinct messages.
<br>
<br>
	Casual conversation is conveyed through desu/masu form. “Let’s swim with dolphins!”, “let’s meet the turtles!” are delightful and casual messages to allow the tourists to think of meeting the wildlife as a casual event. The disclaimers in formal forms are used in contrast to show facts and legal disputes. Many usages of disclaimers include turtles may not appear as they are wildlife, or transportation is an additional cost. However, some magazines used formal forms to manipulate some facts, such as “the dolphins are known as the angels of the sea”, which, they are not. However, by using formal form, the tone of the passage becomes educational and reliable. Another form of speech used to advertise the wildlife as a product were loanwords.
 <br>
 <br>
	Japanese have language equivalents for sea turtles and dolphins, however, through opting to use English loan words in advertisements, there is a sense of foreign and unknown adventure awaiting. Using “dorufinn” may also be a type of style the companies have adopted, to push the fact they are not sea lives, but merely this “object” they are selling that will interact with the guests. Obviously, words such as dolphin and sea turtles, are still pointing at the same entity, but what happens if words such as “Aloha” and “Mana” is used? Because the meaning of “Aloha” and “Mana” differs through different settings, the private companies used their words to create their own meaning of “Aloha.” In addition, tour companies tend to manipulate the customers into thinking they are having an environmentally safe tour by introducing the term “eco-tour.” The official eco-tour definition states the tour have a positive influence on the environment and have an educational purpose. To combine with that, some tours decided to call themselves a “school”, giving more of a positive, educational tour. After all, no one doubts what they are taught in a school. These uses of loan words not only give an ambiguous image but also allows the tour companies to create their own definitions. 
 <br>
 <br>
	Through the analysis of the two magazines, there is some clear evidence of greed within Hawaii. At the end of the day, tour companies do not care specifically about harming the animals but care about their revenue. To increase their revenue, wild lives were used as a tool for advertisement, which the tourists do not realize. However, it is not conclusive to say all Hawaiian tours are evil. There are many tours that have advertisements that are deceiving, but not necessarily their tours itself. There are some actual eco-friendly tours that only does dolphin or turtle watching from a safe distance, allowing the wildlife to swim freely without disturbance. Unfortunately, the amount of tours and advertisements that allows human interaction with turtles and dolphins makes the actual eco-friendly tours “boring.” Why would a person just watch a pod of dolphins, when they can swim with them? Without knowing these specific guidelines, many tourists, and even locals can easily harm the wildlife. During this analysis, the NOAA viewing guide was used as a baseline, however, NOAA themselves are not doing their best effort to preserve wildlife either. None of the tourist magazines have any mentions of the NOAA viewing guide, and the NOAA viewing guide is in fact not easily accessible and can be only found through extensive research. If NOAA is serious about improving Hawaii’s decreasing dolphins or stressed turtles, NOAA should put more effort into making their information and viewing guides more accessible. 
 <br>
	In addition to more viewing guides, there are many possible solutions to improve the current lives of the turtles and dolphins. Many beaches and public places could use more signs and pamphlets to let the tourist be aware of their nature. Even though some tours may take time to change their actual activity, misleading advertisements are easier to approach. Even without foundling with the private tour companies, NOAA and Japanese students could easily help this situation by educating the tourists first. When the tourists understand that by swimming with the wild dolphins the wild dolphins get fatigued and dies, many of them will refrain from doing such activities. Eventually, when more tourists are aware of the dangers of swimming with one, the tour will get less popular and the company is incentivized to change their methods. Some eco-tour could improve by having educational videos playing before their tour. For example, to enter Hanauma bay, visitors must view an educational video to proceed. Some tour companies such as Dolphin Star by Paradise Cruises actually play an educational video about Hawaii, dolphins, reefs, and tropical fish before even arriving at the destination. Overall, with education and information, the future for dolphins and sea turtles in Hawaii can be a bright one, given enough Aloha. 
