---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: My Story
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2019-01-15
labels:
  - Computer Science
  - Personal Goals
  - Future
  - Technical Essay
---

I am both cursed and fortunate to be born in the era of the internet. I was first introduced to playing with a computer in 6th grade. My teacher at that time showed us how to play with Adobe Fireworks, and instantly, I was hooked. The power to edit image amused me so much, that I could not even imagine the endless possibilities of image editing. Throughout middle school, I became familiar with Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Flash, and I spent endless hours on the two programs just creating things. My interest in computer science really spiked in freshman year, when I was introduced to (what I now contempt with all my heart,) Scratch. Scratch was a simple program that allowed users to create video games without actually know how to code. Just the fact I was able to create something almost entirely on my own excited me beyond belief, and I knew from that moment I had to pursue this career.
<br>
<br>
Becoming a computer scientist was not an easy task. In today’s world, there are hundreds
of coding languages, thousands of specific computer science professions, millions of video games created, billions of websites surfaced, and endless amount of ways to expand in the technological field. This rapidly growing industry both excites and frightens me. What if I can never stand out from the crowd? What if I spend my life contributing to 1% of a project that will affect the world by only 0.0000001%? What if I never accomplish anything on my own? The creation of computers and the internet is the most intricate creation (after sliced bread, apparently) that not only grants humanity instant access to the world’s biggest database but also burdens humans to develop something greater than themselves. As a future seed in the technological industry, I am faced with the evergrowing creation humanity has created, and will continue to build upon.
<br>
<br>
	I want to be able to contribute to this technological growth by creating new things. Whether that will be a mobile application that will benefit people or a video game for people’s amusements. Learning how to code in languages that will be relevant is my current goal as an undergraduate student. When I graduate and go off the do great things, I wish to make tons of friends (unlike in grade school) and just create more things. As much as I want to be part of a technological breakthrough that will send humanity to Jupiter or communicate with extraterrestrial lives, my dream is as simple as creating something that will benefit a community of people. (Now if that community of people who I helped could make me a Wikipedia page explaining my life, I would be even more stoked.) If my creation could make one person’s life better, I have something to brag about on my death bed. 



