---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: My Aspirations
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2017-09-10
labels:
  - Personal Biography
  - Story
  - Motivation
---

At the age of 16, I started working my first part-time job. It was a simple food truck job, where I was faced with the real world outside of school for the first time. When I turned 17, I started working for The Star of Honolulu, a dinner cruise ship.
<br>
    As an immigrant, my skill is to speak Japanese, Mandarin Chinese, and now, English. I was hired to speak my native languages to the foreign guests. I was afraid at first, thinking that the Japanese and the Chinese will no longer accept me as “them”. However, my first encounter with a guest with a problem, I quickly learned otherwise. It was a Japanese tourist that did not receive a drink she has paid for yet. Her face showed instant relief when I asked her what’s wrong. She told me the situation and I was able to translate it to my management. Then, before the problem was even resolved, the lady thanked me. She thanked me for being there. A complete stranger that we have only exchanged a few sentences to, was able to undo the 10 years of damage I have faced looking for my identity. Just like how she was relieved, I was relieved to help someone in need.
<br>
    Although it is my work, I found happiness and satisfaction in helping people understand each other. I became the bridge of the boat, and I felt as I am the connection between Japan, China, and America. Many people come to Hawaii seeking paradise but are set back by their lack of understanding of English. My role in society is to break the language barrier as an interpreter and give Aloha to everyone. When I first came to Hawaii, all I wished for was someone to understand me and accept me for the languages I spoke and the culture I represented. However, the community was not as welcoming as people may think, and I faced my first culture assimilation. 
<br>
    No one should have to choose one culture over another. I use my experiences to help people understand each other. There is no need for conversion, only coexistence. By putting effort into helping people understand each other, there will be a chain of help within the Hawaii community, that people do not need to be local to be accepted. 
